feat: function watchQuery (#1540)
nuxt/docs: en/api/pages-watchquery.md

# The watchQuery Property

> Watch query strings and execute component methods on change (asyncData, fetch, validate, layout, ...)

> - **Type:** `Boolean`, `Array` (default: `[]`) or `Function (newQuery, oldQuery): boolean`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Type:** `Boolean`, `Array` (default: `[]`) or `Function (newQuery, oldQuery): boolean` (since Nuxt v2.9)
```

  watchQuery: ['page']
}
```

> If you want to setup watch for specific query strings, set `watchQuery: []`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to setup watch for specific query strings, use an array with the strings to watch as value, for example:
```
